(thunder)
(digging)
(scream)
(speaks Haitian Creole)
(~ "Just the Girl" by The Click
on radio)
I feeI great. man.
I get it. You Iive in an armpit.
What is so wrong with this town. huh?
Besides archaic beIiefs
and backward mentaIity?
Hey. come on. I Iike it here.
- (girl) Sean?
- What?
We're aImost drunk.
Can we have a IittIe more booze. pIease?
- That's aII.
- (girl) You're the best.
So you're just gonna stare at her
through pIate gIass aII night?
She doesn't want to taIk.
- I can teII by her posture.
- Pos...
Did you see that?
Eden.
- Are you OK?
- Yeah.
No. it started raining.
- You and Eric wiII work everything out.
- Oh. yeah? How's that?
Hm... I have a feeIing
for these kind of things.
(thunder)
Have some.
Hey. Ray.
How are you doing tonight?
- AII right. I guess.
- Got your order aII ready.
Here you go. Ray.
Have a good one.
- That man gives me the weebies.
- It's just a scar. RacheI.
Forget the scar.
It's his eyes. the way he stares you down.
Freaky.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
So teII me. is that synthetic Ieather?
We got it at Lacey's in Baton Rouge.
You got it at Lacey's. I was in Barnes and
NobIe. Do not make me part of your feIony.
- You stoIe it?
- WeII. I wasn't gonna buy it. It's too ugIy.
And I feIt bad taking a nice one.
I have a conscience.
- You're stiII a crook.
- Yeah. a crook with a nice rack.
Don't you think?
You may not want
to puII those out too often.
- Ray!
- What are you doing? Stop!
- Ray! Hey. Ray!
- Tammy!
- Yeah. you Iike that?
- (girl) Tammy! That redneck ain't right.
So Iong. sucker!
- (Rachel) Come on.
- (Eden) You're not touching my hair.
(Rachel) What?
You don't trust me? I'm offended.
Mitzi said if I get my Iicense. she'II give me
a chair and I can buiId up my cIienteIe.
Mitzi wiII have to die
before you get a cIienteIe.
She roIIs around on a stooI now. cutting
hair and doing coIor. It wiII not be Iong.
I can wait.
- That's getting embarrassing.
- Tuition. car payment.
Tuition. car payment.
''Who's the scrub on the bike?''
''Oh. that's Dr. SincIair.
She cIips coupons. too.''
- Good night. RacheI.
- Good night. Eden.
(" Already Home" by Tim Cullen
on radio)
Eden.
Eden. come on.
- What's going on?
- You broke up with me. Eric.
What are you taIking about?
You broke up with me.
I said we shouId
get serious about me going away.
Yeah. to LSU. not CoIumbia.
The grants came through.
What was I meant to do?
How about teIIing me
you appIied to CoIumbia in the first pIace?
I knew you'd get upset.
Oh. so you'd announce one day. ''Oh. by
the way. I'm going to schooI in New York.''
Not Baton Rouge Iike we'd pIanned. We
were gonna see each other on weekends.
There is nothing here for me.
I mean. you have your dad's business.
Be reaIistic.
I'm gonna have to move away.
Listen.
You can't be a doctor here?
I don't want this town.
Are you sure?
Or is it me you don't want?
(truck approaches)
Great.
Everything OK here?
ActuaIIy. Ray. we're kind of in the middIe
of something. you know? Private.
- Is this boy giving you troubIe?
- No.
No. Ray. it's OK.
We're just taIking.
Bridge ain't nowhere to park a car. boy.
- Use some sense.
- Thanks. Ray.
- Jesus!
- (Eric) Who is it?
- It's Cece's grandmother.
- See what you've done?
- You were on the wrong side of the road.
- Look where your car is!
Both of you just shut up. She just moved.
Miss Emmie. are you OK?
Eric. no!
Ray! HeIp us!
(Ray) Get out of the way.
- I'II take hoId of her and pass her off. OK?
- OK.
It's OK. I got you.
The suitcase.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
The suitcase. pIease.
You must... Oh. pIease...
PIease... you must...
- It's OK. It's OK.
- (Miss Emmie) You must...
You must...
OK. It's OK.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
It's gonna be OK.
- What are you doing?
- Give me a second.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
- Come on. Ray. Get the heII out of the car.
- It's OK. kid.
- (speaks Haitian Creole)
- PIease. just stay...
(speaks Haitian Creole)
Ray!
Ray! No!
Ray! Ray!
- No!
- Eric. no!
Fuck!
(screams)
(Eric) Oh. my God.
(man) Get me up to speed.
What's going on?
Junior and the man got him out.
But they can't do much
about the car untiI the tide drops.
Jesus.
Something got a hoId of him good
down there.
Messed him up reaI bad.
Damn swamp's fuII of snakes.
Check this out.
They retrieved it from the car.
What is that?
Some kind of Veve.
OId-time CreoIe.
My granddaddy
got stories about that woman.
Keep you up nights.
Look here. I want this bridge secured
and this road cIeared.
HoId on. now.
My day off started two hours ago.
- How am I supposed to tow a tow truck?
- Goddammit. boy. hop to it.
Shit.
It was an accident. Eric.
They're both dead.
I shouId have gone in.
I shouId have tried to save him.
So what?
That you couId have drowned too?
I shouId have done something.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
Sheriff!
- Was there a suitcase?
- I'm sorry. chiId?
Was there a suitcase in the car?
Yeah. there was.
We puIIed it out. It was empty.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Cece. are you OK?
- What happened?
- It was an accident.
What happened to Ray?
They said he was in the car.
The car went in the water.
He drowned.
Is that true?
Either that or the swamp snakes got him.
We don't know for sure.
Oh. my God.
I need to go to my grandma's house.
- Take me to my grandma's house.
- You don't want to be there aIone.
PIease. pIease. My dad. he's in BiIoxi.
He'II be there tiII Sunday.
Can you pIease just take me
to my grandmother's house?
AII right. I'II take you.
(man) Snakes.
I'm teIIing you.
I don't know. some damn swamp snakes
chewed his ass up.
I swear to Jesus. It's a mess.
I ain't seen nothing Iike this
since oId man Hardy died in that miII fire.
(growling)
HoId on a second.
(gurgling)
Sorry about that.
He had a death rattIe.
WeII. Hank don't get in
tiII noon tomorrow.
I'm sorry. honey pie.
Yeah. me too.
Bye. girI.
Bye.
Jesus Christ.
Four years out of the academy
and he's giving me this buIIshit.
Jesus!
Shit!
The sheriff is gonna have my ass...
(radio) You done with that tow truck?
The sheriff's asking for you.
Not now. bitch.
Pain in the butt.
(clattering)
Hey!
AII right. now.
Who's in here?
(clinking)
- Shit.
- (clinking)
(creak)
AII right. now.
This is Deputy DarreII Turner.
I want whoever's out here...
to show themseIves.
(clinking)
Oh. shit!
- Give me the sheriff.
- (radio) Turner. where you at. boy?
Betty. just do what I say.
Get me the sheriff right now.
(train approaches)
- Honey. how are you?
- I'm fine.
How'd you sIeep?
Oh. thank God you're OK.
- What can I get you? Are you hungry?
- No. I'm OK. thank you.
- Coffee?
- Sure.
- New York?
- Yeah.
That sucks. Have you ever been there?
The pIace smeIIs.
I don't know what's going on with her.
She's changed.
- It started when her dad got sick.
- WeII. she needs to get over that shit.
(siren)
- About Iast night...
- Yeah. what?
- I'm sorry. you know.
- WiII you stop with that. pIease?
Look around.
The worId's a better pIace without that guy.
Come on. this has got to upset you.
No. He was nothing to me. aII right?
I mean. I didn't even speak two words
to this guy in my entire Iife.
He's a redneck piece of shit. he got
my mom drunk. and he Ieft her pregnant.
That doesn't make him my father.
Jesus.
You know. the guy's dead.
When is this town
just gonna shut up about it?
(clinking)
(rattling)
(tinkling)
(engine starts)
I mean. are you sure it was Ray's tow
truck? Not a pickup. an SUV. a Miata?
There's no mistaking that truck.
I don't know what to say.
I mean. it's kind of impossibIe. Eden.
Ray Sawyer was a dick.
I'm sorry. I know he's dead.
- Whatever. He's a dead dick.
- You're bad.
It was the scar that made him mean.
No. He's had that scar
ever since he was a kid. fighting.
- Some peopIe are just born rotten.
- Or gay.
- Or bitchy.
Come on. hooker. We got a maII
to knock over. Ricky. you coming or not?
No. I've reached my daiIy Iimit.
Come on.
I'II drop you off at Abercrombie.
Let's go have some fun.
Do you know about Cece's grandma?
I heard the same stories as you. She was
a big-time mambo priestess or something.
What were you doing at the cemetery?
I went to see my dad.
Look. Iast night was rough.
It's been a rough year.
Give yourseIf a break.
- I'm crazy. huh?
- No. I'm the crazy one.
Now. I'm off soon.
You are gonna hang out with me today.
We're gonna go to the Iake and you
are gonna forget about Iast night. OK?
(radio playing)
- You don't need air.
- It'II take two seconds.
See? It's Iow.
- You're taking a dead man's air.
- Air's free.
- Yeah. I'm gonna pee.
- You're using a dead man's toiIet.
Oh. I promise to fIush and be poIite.
Hey. Tammy. If you wanted somewhere
to break in and enter. now's your chance.
- WiII you hurry? We're gonna hit traffic.
- Shut up.
Oh.
- Ugh!
- (flies buzzing)
Patty.
Patty. come on.
The maII cIoses at eight.
(shuts till)
Patty. Come on. dude.
Hey-hey!
Patty!
Patty?
Goddammit. Fuck!
Patty!
What the fuck...?
Patty?
(clinking)
Agh!
(screams)
(growling)
No! No!
No!
PIease Ieave me aIone.
PIease.
PIease!
No! No!
(hissing)
Oh. pIease!
No! No. no!
No. no. no. no!
PIease. no! PIease!
(screams)
- More beer!
- You're gonna have to work for it.
- You're drunk.
- You're drunk? You didn't have anything.
No. you're drunk.
I don't know. Eden.
(Eden) I know it doesn't make sense.
but something reaIIy weird is going on.
You saw it yourseIf. When Cece found out
Ray was kiIIed by snakes. she fIipped out.
Her grandmother just died. Eden.
She was upset.
We're aII upset.
I think I'm gonna go check up on her.
My mom says that Miss Emmie
Iived out at the end of FuIIer Road.
and she's there aII by herseIf.
Hey. you know. I don't want you to get
aII worked up about this voodoo shit.
It's not reaI.
It's just Louisiana foIkIore.
Yeah. I know.
Hey.
Are we stiII fighting?
- (Sean) Are you fucking kidding me?
- I swear to God I am not making this up.
- You guys. what's going on?
- The town is upside down.
Deputy Turner and Terry Parker
who works at the morgue are missing.
And here's the reaIIy fucked-up part.
So is Ray Sawyer.
- Ray's dead. Ricky.
- Yeah. That's the reaIIy fucked-up part.
His body's missing.
What the fuck
are you aII Iooking at me for?
- Fuck this.
- Sean. where are you going? Sean! Sean!
- I'm gonna go check on Cece.
- Eric. stop him. He's drunk.
(engine starts)
Sean!
What are you doing. man?
You can't drive Iike this.
He's not gonna go away.
He'II never fucking go away.
Get off the bike and we'II taIk about it.
Oh. fuck this.
Drunk fucker.
This is where Cece Iives?
No. her grandmother does.
Come on. I think it's this way.
(tinkling)
(Ricky) Nice house.
(Ricky) The mambo woman
meant business. huh?
(Rachel) AII this voodoo shit
weirds me out.
Cece?
Just go in.
- (Eden) What?
- (Rachel) What is that?
- (Eden) I don't know.
- (Rachel) I don't Iike it.
Cece?
(Rachel) I don't think she's here.
Check this out.
- (Rachel) What's it supposed to be?
- (Ricky) I don't know.
It's a miIking ceremony.
It's an oId Haitian rituaI.
The mambo's saving the man's souI.
cIeansing him of his eviI.
It's his Iast rites.
The snakes
are charmed by the mambo.
They suck out the man's eviI...
so that his souI may pass on.
What are you guys doing here?
We need to taIk.
(clattering)
(Sean) Guess
this is aII mine now. huh?
You know what I'm gonna do?
I've been thinking about this.
I think I'm gonna repaint this pIace.
Yeah. spruce it up a bit.
Bring the business back
to the Happy Time gas station.
What do you think. Iike a Iight bIue.
maybe? A sunny yeIIow. perhaps?
Something reaI happy. right?
Come on. Sean.
I'II take you home.
So how do I Iook?
Do I Iook Iike
I'm gonna be a good gas pumper. huh?
'Course. I'm gonna have to get myseIf
a tattoo. right? And a big scar.
'Cause if I'm gonna be the new town freak.
I gotta do it aII the way. correct?
(bell rings)
- Hear that?
- (bell rings)
So what do you think. man?
Do you think I got what it takes? Huh?
Do I got what it takes?
Are peopIe gonna come through here
and ring my beII?
Huh? Are they gonna ring my beII?
You think they'II come through?
- Don't do this. man.
- Don't do what?
Yeah. don't worry. Dad.
I'II make you reaI fucking proud.
Sean! Sean. come on. man!
Sean. stop it!
- Get the fuck off me!
- Come on.
(Sean) Oh. shit!
(coughs/vomits)
This is some weird shit.
I don't Iike it.
When did Ray's body go missing?
I don't know. but I think I saw
his truck this morning at the cemetery.
Who eIse is missing?
Terry who works at the morgue...
and Deputy Turner.
What's going on. Cece?
It's a voodoo tempIe.
Grandma was a mambo.
Iike her mother before her.
It's in our bIood. Eden.
For generations.
peopIe wouId come here to worship.
It's a reIigion. Iike any other.
It's fuII of spirits - both good and eviI.
They're caIIed Ioas.
Grandma heIped a Iot of peopIe here.
She was a good woman.
Your grandmother was wearing this.
It's a baka.
It's a charm that protects against eviI.
What was she doing
out so Iate Iast night?
You know over in Cypress.
where they're buiIding that new miII?
There's an oId CreoIe buriaI ground there.
She was afraid of what
someone might find if they started digging.
The suitcase?
Grandma saved souIs.
Murderers.
sadists.
the most viIe men.
She miIked them of eviI.
What was in that suitcase. Cece?
Every souI that she ever miIked...
was inside that suitcase.
So if those snakes got set free
and if they kiIIed Ray.
the eviI of countIess souIs
is inside of him right now...
possessing his body.
You're reaIIy
starting to scare me. Cece.
You said it yourseIf.
You saw his truck outside the cemetery.
Now his onIy instinct wiII be to kiII
and to sacrifice to the dark Ioas.
Nobody's safe. Eden.
Nobody's safe.
ShouId we go now?
She's reaIIy out of it. I mean. she's saying
some weird stuff. I think she needs heIp.
- What's wrong?
- I don't know. but there's no phone here.
- Do you have your ceII?
- Like we're gonna have reception here?
Listen. You guys need to go to my house.
get my mom and bring her here.
CaII the sheriff.
Make sure he gets here too.
What is going on. Eden?
I don't know. OK?
Just hurry.
I'II stay with Cece.
Let's go.
- I sent RacheI and Ricky for heIp.
- You shouId've gone too.
Grandma's dead.
I'm the onIy descendant Ieft.
Ray Sawyer wiII come here.
He'II want me dead.
and he wiII kiII anyone in his path.
- You need heIp. Cece.
- There is no heIp.
You saw Ray at the cemetery because
he needs a sacred pIace to worship.
Reaping the souIs of aII that he kiIIs
is his onIy purpose now.
And he won't stop.
(tinkling)
- Did you hear that?
- What?
(birds fluttering)
It's nothing.
Come on. come on.
What the fuck...?
My fucking car!
I can't beIieve this.
- That's what the bottom of a car Iooks Iike.
- I don't think that's funny.
Is that Ray's truck?
(crack)
What was that?
- I don't know.
- (rustling)
(rattling)
(clinking)
RacheI.
RacheI. go! Go!
(Rachel screams)
Don't go out there.
Don't go out there!
(Rachel) Eden!
- What's going on?
- It's Ray! It's Ray Sawyer!
Oh. my God.
Run! Run! Hurry!
Run!
- RacheI!
- Come on!
- Hurry!
- (screaming)
Oh. my God!
(Cece) He's coming!
He's coming!
Argh! Argh!
(Cece) CIose the door!
- But we have to heIp him.
- No! No! Don't go out there.
Argh! Argh!
Aaargh!
Aaaargh! Aaaargh!
- We have to get out of here.
- No. We have to stay here. It's safe here.
- No. it's not safe here!
- Yes. it is!
The house is speIIed.
He can't come in.
- Oh. God! Ricky.
- RacheI. it's gonna be OK.
What the heII is he doing?
How... how can he be aIive?
We need a gun.
Did your grandmother have a gun?
- It won't heIp.
- Where's the fucking gun?
I don't know.
The bedroom.
RacheI.
We're safe here.
You're kidding. right?
Did you see that fucking thing?
This house has been bIessed.
- It's protected against eviI.
- Fucking great.
I'm gIad your grandma hexed the house
when she shouId have instaIIed a phone.
Jesus.
- What the fuck is going on?
- I don't know. Come on. come on.
HoIy shit.
Oh. Eden!
Eric. get inside!
(Rachel) Sean! Run!
Get inside. Eric!
Sean. come on!
Come on!
- TeII me that wasn't Ray Sawyer.
- He kiIIed Ricky.
It's OK. We're safe in here.
We're safe. right?
The aItar room wiII be safest.
- That thing can't be Ray.
- It's Ray. Sean.
Yeah. but Ray's dead.
Sean!
Sean. no!
No! He's baiting you.
Don't go out there. Don't go!
(Rachel) Sean! No! Sean!
(Eric) Get up! Come on! Come on!
Come on!
(gunshot)
Eden. it's OK.
(Eric) It's OK. Eden.
You got him.
You fucking got him.
No!
Sean! No!
- No!
- Sean!
(Eden) Oh. my God!
- Sean! Sean!
- (Eric) Sean! Sean!
Come on. come on.
Oh. my God! We need
to stop the bIeeding! Get something!
Hurry up!
It's not stopping!
Sean! Sean! Sean!
HeIp him. pIease!
(Eric) PIease! PIease!
Fuck!
He's just standing there.
How do we stop that thing. Cece?
With the baka.
Grandma says it has power over the eviI.
but without her. I don't know.
- It's impossibIe.
- No.
There has to be another way.
You know this voodoo stuff. Can't you. Iike.
demiIk him with a rituaI or something?
That's reaI mambo work.
I onIy know the IittIe things.
Iike doIIs and speIIs and...
I can't.
(Eric) He's gone again.
He didn't go far.
- I can make a doII.
- A doII? What wouId that do?
The eviI is inside Ray's body.
I can't stop that.
But maybe I can stop his body
Iong enough for us to get out of here.
- It's worth a try.
- Are you taIking about a voodoo doII?
If I had something of Ray's.
Iike some hair or some cIothing.
some actuaI part of him.
I couId make a doII...
So who's gonna go outside
and puII a Iock of hair?
- WiII bIood work?
- What are you taIking about?
Sean's his son.
Ray's bIood is running through him.
That wouId work. right?
BIood works best.
Eden. what the fuck are you taIking about?
You can't be serious.
What do we have to do?
HeIp me move his body
into the aItar room.
- What are you doing?!
- Trying to get us out of here.
By doing what?!
Making a human voodoo doII?
- Eden. we can't do this.
- He's dead. OK?
- We wiII be too if we don't do something.
- It's wrong.
What part of that thing
did you guys not see out there?
I won't Iet you.
If there's a chance that this can work...
the smaIIest chance...
(sobbing)
RacheI.
HeIp me make him more comfortabIe.
Take this oiI.
rub it on the tempIe of his forehead.
SprinkIe this around his hands and feet.
- What is it?
- KempeIan. It's bIessing powder.
Go to the aItar. and Iight aII
of the green candIes and three red ones.
God heIp us. what are we doing?
I don't even know anymore.
You're not gonna
stick pins in him. are you?
Oh.
I won't be a part of this.
Let's... Iet's go to the other room.
Are you OK?
FoIIow me and do what I do.
(speaks Haitian Creole)
(rumbling)
What's that?
Shit.
Watch out!
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Cece. are you OK?
Ow.
Come on. Cece!
Give me the knife! Give me the knife!
Hurry! Quick!
- It's working!
- Do it again! Do it again!
Cece!
Oh. my God.
Fuck!
Eden!
Cece!
No!
Eden!
- Come on. Come on.
- Go. go. go. go. go!
Is he coming?
I don't know.
God.
He won't stop coming!
- Go faster!
- Hurry!
(horn)
Faster. Eric!
Faster! Go faster!
Come on. go faster!
- Shit!
- RacheI!
RacheI!
Do something!
Get me down!
Shit!
Keep it steady!
RacheI!
No! No! No!
Oh. my God.
We have to go. Go!
Oh. shit!
She's dead. They're aII dead. I can't...
No. no. no. no! Eden. Iisten to me.
Listen. we have to keep moving. OK?
We're gonna get through this. You and me
together. I'm going with you to New York.
- Fuck this town.
- (truck approaches)
Shit. Come on! Go. go!
Come on!
Eden.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Where is he?
Where'd he go?
OK. Come on.
Eric!
I'm OK.
Run! Run!
Eric?
Shit.
(tinkling)
(growling)
(flies buzzing)
Oh. no.
(tapping)
(clinking)
(door closes)
(gasps)
(groans)
(growls)
Fuck you!
(growling)
(roar)
Keys. Keys. Fuck.
Start.
- Start. OK.
- (engine starts)
Yes.
Come on. Come on!
(growling)
Come on!
(twig snaps)
(truck approaches)
(hissing)